User Stories


This is a nice link that gives a template for user stories: https://www.atlassian.com/agile/project-management/user-stories


“As a [persona], I [want to], [so that].”


User Stories:
1. As a SRP visitor/CofC faculty/property manager I want a web App, so i can manage the SRP property.
2. As a CofC student, I want to be able to log in with my cougar credentials so that I don’t have to remember additional login credentials. 
3. As a CofC faculty member, I want to be able to log in with my cougar credentials so that I don’t have to remember additional login credentials. 
4. As a CofC student/faculty member/researcher, I want to be able to schedule a block of time to visit the SRP.
5. As a faculty member with an account, I want to receive notifications so that I am aware when the lock combination has changed.
6. As a faculty member, I want to have a way to easily view the active lock combination for the combination lock on the gate, so that I can unlock the gate when I arrive at the SRP. 
7. As an SRP visitor, I want a panic button, so that I can notify emergency services of my location if something happens while I am on the property. 
8. As an SRP visitor, I want to receive a reminder an hour before my scheduled visit so that I don’t forget the time I scheduled. 
9. As an SRP visitor, I want the option to cancel a scheduled visit so that if I need to bail, I don’t cause any confusion with security or management. 
10. As an SRP visitor, I want an “I’ve arrived” button so that public safety knows when I am on the property. 
11. As an SRP visitor, I want to be notified (via text) 15 minutes before the end of my allotted time on the property, so that I don’t stay beyond my time. 
12. As an SRP visitor, I want to be notified (via text) that my allotted time is over if I am still on the property when that time comes so that I don’t stay beyond my time. 
   1. Sub story: As an SRP visitor, I want to be prompted with an “Are you okay?” screen if I am on the property past my scheduled time so that if I am hurt, I can notify security / property management. 
1. As an SRP visitor, I want to be able to say, “I’m leaving” when I am leaving the property, so that I don’t get caught up in any security issues I’m not involved in. 
2. As an SRP visitor, I want geolocation enabled, so that public safety knows my whereabouts when I am on the property. 
3. As an SRP visitor, I want the web app to run very smoothly on my phone so that I can easily and quickly sign in and notify others when I’ve arrived.
4. As an SRP visitor, I want to be able to see other visitors in my area, and I want my location to be available to them, so that I feel safer and/or can find fellow researchers when I am on the property.
5. As a Campus Security officer, I want to view all scheduled property visits, so that I know when there are people on the property and when they are set to come. 
6. As a property manager, I want to view all scheduled property visits so I know when there are people on the property and when they are set to come.
7. As a property manager, I want to be able to easily change the listed lock combination after changing the physical lock combination on the SRP gate, so that visitors will know the updated combination when they arrive. 
8. As a property manager / campus security officer, I want to receive a notification when someone stays beyond their scheduled time on the property so that I can monitor a potential safety issue. 
9. As a Campus Security officer, I want to see a map of the site with visitor locations marked so that I can easily make help them in case of emergency
10. As an SRP visitor, I want to be able to mark potential threats (snakes, crocodiles, etc.) so that other visitors will be able to avoid those areas.
11. As an SRP visitor, i want the ability to notify other visitors if my work there requires others to avoid certain areas or to be quiet, so that I am not disturbed (ie bird/animal watching)
12. As an SRP visitor i want the ability to see other visitors reasons for being there, for security and safety reasons.
13.  As an SRP visitor i want the ability to automatically check into the property once ive arrived via geolocation
14. As an SRP visitor i want the ability to post pictures or comments about my or others trip to SRP